1. Read Your First Cup: An Introduction to the Java EE Platform — Focus on Chapter 2, “Understanding Java Platform, Enterprise Edition”
	a. Explain the tiers discussed in the article. On which does J2EE focus? On which to the Oracle database focus?
		a. Tiers:
			i. The Client Tier
				1) Consists of application clients that access a Java EE server that are usually located on a different machine from the server.
			ii. The Web Tier
				1) Consists of components that handle the interaction between clients and the business tier.
			iii. The Business Tier
				1) Consists of components that provide the business logic for an application.
			iv. The Enterprise Information Systems Tier
				1) Consists of database servers, enterprise resource planning systems , and other legacy data sources, like mainframes.
		b. It seems to me that Oracle would focus on the enterprise information tier, as it is the database that contains the "data sources".  I think J2EE might focus on the business tier, as it has contains the "logic" required to actually build this application.
	b. Explain the nature of a J2EE container. What sort of containers are there?
		a. Java EE containers are the interface between the component and the lower-level functionality provided by the platform to support that component.
		b. Different Containers:
			i. Web container - the interface between web components and the web server
			ii. EJB container - interface between enterprise beans, which provide the business logic in a Java EE application, and the Java EE server.
			iii. Application Client Container - 
2. Read The Java EE Tutorial — This tutorial provides extensive material on J2EE; focus on the sections listed here.
	a. Sections 1.7–1.8, “Java EE 7 APIs” — Explain the purpose of these technologies (only): JPA, JTA, JAX-RS*, JDBC, JAXB.
		a. JPA - (Java Persistence API) Java standards-based solution for persistence.
		b. JTA - (Java Transaction API) interface for demarcating transactions.
		c. JAX-RS - Java API for RESTful Web Services
		d. JDBC - Java Database Connectivity - provide connection to databases
		e. JAXB - Java Architecture for XML Binding - provides a convenient way to bind an XML schema to a representation in Java language programs.
	b. Section 5, “Packaging Applications” — Compare and contrast JARs, WARs & EARs.
		a. JAR - enterprise java beans (class files)
		b. WAR - Web modules which contain Servlet class files
		c. All above files are package as JAR file with .ear (enterprise archive extension)
3. Review these tutorials, on which the lab is based: Developing a Java EE Application & Creating and Running Your First RESTful Web Service.
	a. Identify the IDE we’ll use for J2EE development.
		a. Intellij IDEA
	b. Identify the roles of the following technologies in the J2EE application: J2SE’s JDK; GlassFish.
		a. JDK - Java Development Kit, allows you to develop in Java
		b. GlassFish - The application server
	c. Explain the nature of a RESTful webservice.*
		a. Representational State Transfer - 
			i. Must be stateless
			ii. Transfer XML/JSON
			iii. Defined with common HTTP methods
