	1. Sections 20.1-20.4.1 & 20.6 — Explain the following.
		a. interleaving vs. parallelism
			i. If the computer system has multiple hardware processors, parallel processing is possible. 
			ii. Interleaved concurrency is where threads are switched back and forth, so as to run "two processes at once" even though only one thread runs at a time.
		b. the lost update and dirty read problems
			i. Lost updates occur when two different transactions are trying to update the same column/row and the first update is "lost"
			ii. Dirty reads occur when one transaction reads data that has been modified by another transaction but not yet committed.
		c. transactions, including commits and rollbacks
			i. Transactions are executing programs that form a logical unit of database processing.
				1) Commits are when a transaction is completed successfully and its effects are recorded permanently on the database.  
				2) Rollbacks return the database state to a previous commit.
		d. the ACID properties
			i. Atomicity
			ii. Consistency
			iii. Isolation
			iv. Durability
		e. Schedule
			i. DBMS must keep a history of all transactions running on a system to avoid problems above.
	2. Chapter 21 introduction and Section 21.1 — Explain the following.
		a. Lock
			i. A lock is a variable associated with a data item that describes the status of the item with respect to possible operations that can be applied to it.
		b. two-phase locking
			i. A technique used to prevent multiple transactions from accessing the items concurrently.
	3. Review Oracle’s Overview of Transaction Processing in PL/SQL (only; you can skip the other sections on this page) — Compare and contrast the following.
		a. SAVEPOINT, COMMIT vs ROLLBACK [TO]
			i. Commit statement ends the current transaction, making changes current and visible to all users.
			ii. Rollbacks end the current transaction and undoes any changes made during that transactino.
			iii. Savepoints save and mark the current point in the session.
		b. LOCK TABLE vs. FOR UPDATE
			i. Lock table locks the entire table, whereas the for update command will only lock specific rows.

